Graham user docs (#569)
centrifuge/documentation: docs/getting-started/introduction/index.md

By bringing the entire structured credit market onchain across securitization, tokenization, privacy, governance, and liquidity integrations, Centrifuge is building a more transparent, affordable, and limitless financial system.

Learn more about [Centrifuge's Mission and History](/getting-started/introduction/mission-and-history).

> In these docs, you'll find everything you need to know about Centrifuge; from basic concepts to user guides to developer documentation. Here's a rundown of the three sections:
> 
> ## Centrifuge Documentation
> 
> <div className="card-grid">
> 
>   <a className="card-tile" href="/user/overview">
>     <h3>User Documentation</h3>
>     <p>Explore core concepts and learn how to interact with the Centrifuge protocol. Build and use tokenized financial products across chains.</p>
>   </a>
> 
>   <a className="card-tile" href="/developer/protocol/overview/">
>     <h3>Developer Documentation</h3>
>     <p>Understand how Centrifuge works under the hood. Integrate contracts and interfaces into your application or strategy.</p>
>   </a>
> 
> </div>
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In these docs, you'll find everything you need to know about Centrifuge; from basic concepts to user guides to developer documentation. Dive in:

<div className="card-grid">

  <a className="card-tile" href="/user/overview">
    <h3>User Documentation</h3>
    <p>Explore core concepts and learn how to interact with the Centrifuge protocol. Build and use tokenized financial products across chains.</p>
  </a>

  <a className="card-tile" href="/developer/protocol/overview/">
    <h3>Developer Documentation</h3>
    <p>Understand how Centrifuge works under the hood. Integrate contracts and interfaces into your application or strategy.</p>
  </a>

</div>

```
